docs: add comment about file changes (#20475)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/start/quick-start/configuration-dynamic-filesystem.rst

When the files are changed on the filesystem, Envoy will automatically update its configuration.

Notice:

Now Enovy only get the changes when write to temporary file and rename into place, ignore overwritten directly.
The purpose is  that atomic renames are the only way to achieve consistency.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks. May be a note `  .. note::` would be better.

Author: Sure, updated.

>    The purpose is  that atomic renames are the only way to achieve consistency.

Reviewer 2: The grammar is not quite correct here and (esp for a beginner doc) this is not so easy to follow

Suggested change:

> Envoy only updates when the configuration file is replaced, and not when the file is edited in place. It is implemented this way to ensure configuration consistency.

Reviewer 3: Please also ref link to this section of the docs, which is a general explanation of how the atomic swap works: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/operations/runtime#updating-runtime-values-via-symbolic-link-swap

Author: @phlax and @mattklein123, thanks for the review. I have updated.

>    Envoy only updates when the configuration file is replaced, and not when the file is edited in place.
>    It is implemented this way to ensure configuration consistency, more details refer to :ref:`Atomic swap for configuration file updates<config_runtime_symbolic_link_swap>`.

Reviewer 2: The grammar is not quite right here, and i think it needs some spacing

```suggestion
   Envoy only updates when the configuration file is replaced, and not when the file is edited in place.
   
   It is implemented this way to ensure configuration consistency.
   
   Please see the section on :ref:`atomic swaps <config_runtime_symbolic_link_swap>` for further information on how runtime configuration is updated.
```

Author: Done.

When the files are changed on the filesystem, Envoy will automatically update its configuration.

.. note::

>    Envoy only updates when the configuration file is replaced, and not when the file is edited in place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Envoy only updates when the configuration file is replaced by a file move, and not when the file is edited in place.
```

Author: Done.

   It is implemented this way to ensure configuration consistency.

>    Please see the section on :ref:`atomic swaps <config_runtime_symbolic_link_swap>` for further information on how runtime configuration is updated.

Reviewer 2: lets move this back to the the sealso section

Author: Done.

When the files are changed on the filesystem, Envoy will automatically update its configuration.

.. seealso::

>    :ref:`Atomic swap <_config_runtime_symbolic_link_swap>`

Reviewer: Please remove the prefix `_` in the link.

Author: I will try.

Author: @wbpcode thanks, it helps.

    :language: yaml
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 11, 17-18, 22-23

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: unnecessary ws

Author: Done.

    :language: yaml
    :linenos:
    :emphasize-lines: 11, 17-18, 22-23

.. seealso::

>    :ref:`Atomic swap <_config_runtime_symbolic_link_swap>`

Reviewer 2: im not sure if this is immediately clear as to the relevance

perhaps we can change the link title to something like

> Atomic swap for configuration file updates

Reviewer 3: I still think this should just be ref linked above. It seems fine to do inline.

/wait

Reviewer 2: @mattklein123 im also a bit concerned that this link is confusing (esp to a beginner) as when i click through its related to the runtime fs and there isnt any information there about updating configuration files

Reviewer 3: OK whatever you think this is best is fine with me. I was thinking something along the lines of: "Envoy will only watch configuration files for atomic moves. An example of how to set this up is described [here]."

Reviewer 2: my suggestion would be:

- add a bit more info wrt cp/mv and why the sed example works (re https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/pull/20475#issuecomment-1079019891 and following comment)
- move the link to see also at the bottom
